oh yeah you still there stingray put
that one in the ice chest yeah good for
shark bait let me get the net and I'll
get it or grab the gaff you can either
use the net or the gaff
I almost pulled his rod down I mean we
both just ran for it is it fighting
pretty good pretty good
let's see where's uh where's the big
landing net act right over there
nurse
yeah you're right he is he is really
banged up just really scratched ha well
let's get him unhooked and take a look
at him yeah it is a I believe that is a
channel he's catching all the fish today
he got a stingray and now he's got a
catfish that's a mean one too let's take
a close look at him Oh scratched out
nice all right well this is another
short one wasn't worth much but we had
fun see you next